Cong Ma 
Shanghai 
15657635423
congma@outlook.com

## Summary

I am a senior front-end developer with 9 years of web development experience. I currently work as a front-end tech Lead in the Coupang Retail team. My main responsibilities include building a full-stack JavaScript application around the supplier portal and product selection platform, as well as providing the department with a comprehensive solution for reusable UI components.





## Skills
Typescript
ReactJS
CSS
Node.js
Next.js
Java
DynamoDB
Redis

## Education
Zhejiang University                   Master of Computer Science 
04/2015
Hangzhou , Zhengjiang
Xi'an University of Electronic Science and Technology                   Bachelor of Software Engineering 
07/2012
Xin'an , Shanxi

## Blog
https://an-onion.github.io

## Patents
KR 10-2023-0135093: Automatic service failure diagnose tool
KR 10-2024-0081072: SSO Dynamic theme solution

## Experience
Senior Front End Developer 
Coupang                   10/2021 - 06/2024
Shanghai 
2021 - 2023
During this time, I was primarily responsible for supplier portal in South Korea and Taiwan. The system comprised over 100 downstream servers, including functions such as product listing, business reporting, coupon issuance, and promotional activities.
Key Contributions:
Implement i18n real-time translation
Direct the front-end development of preminum data reports
Spearhead the development of the supplier's self-service coupon service using tRPC
Refactor all downstream web pages from multi-page applications into a micro frontend system.
2023 - 2024
In this timeframe, my focus shifted towards front-end development for the self-operated selection sourcing system, the Selection Intelligent Platform. This platform aimed to streamline the entire process from product crawling, deduplication, product selection, price comparison, to product listing, addressing Coupang's high labor costs in the product selection process.
Key Achievements:
Design & Construct the web application from scratch using Next.js
Lead the front-end development efforts on the platform
Worked closely with UI/UX designers to ensure consistent user interface designs.
Conducted e2e testing to ensure a seamless user experience
Senior Expert 
Works Applications                   04/2015 - 09/2021
Shanghai City 
2017-2021
I spearheaded the development of a Serverless Web Application named HR Recruitment, tailored to assist Japanese companies in their candidate recruitment process. This comprehensive tool covered all recruitment stages from job descriptions creation, interviews, internships to onboarding. 
Key Contributions:
Initiated the project from inception (SpringCloud, React.js)
Designed the Business Architecture
Provided mentorship and training to new team members
2015-2017
Refactored a cloud file storage product named HUE Drive to address its unsustainable high cost. We decomposed the legacy Monolith into Microservices using the Strangler Pattern principle and gradually transitioned to AWS hosted services such as ECS, Lambda, S3, DynamoDB, and more. This initiative resulted in a 90% cost reduction.
Key Contributions:
Rewrote the front-end using TypeScript, React.js
Implemented and maintained a BFF as an adapter to the legacy code using Node.js and GraphQL
Integrated Single Sign-On (SSO) with JWT and SAML